hello Chris Ward here for Sigler music
centers thanks for visiting our eBay
store we're proud to be one of America's
premier Takamine dealers with all the
best selling models in stock and ready
for immediate shipment today we're in
our Little Rock Arkansas location and
we're joined by Grammy Award winning
artist Brad Davis brad has performed
with Marty Stewart for 10 years before
joining Earl Scruggs and friends for a
six year term for the past five years
he's played electric and acoustic guitar
with Billy Bob Thornton's rock band his
resume is much longer than that though
including names like Willie Nelson Emmy
Lou Harris
Pam Tillis the Forrester sisters Tommy
Shaw David Lee Roth Sheryl Crow Sam Bush
Warren Zevon and the sweethearts of the
rodeo we're truly honored to have him
with us here today to show off this new
Takamine
EG 340 SC g series dreadnought guitar
Brad let's take a listen
there's a Shack back off highway 61
rusted roof sweaty Mandle son after 80
years it begins as the fall there's a
lot of history in Cypress wall
Archie Dixon is why L made a fake kids
they're around sharecrop way they let
him smile but the blue tears the boy led
to the history no Cyprus one our Makarov
cut lumber
standing tall harder up cut lumber
turned in the Cypress fall
this Takamine ET 340 SC classic g-series
dreadnought design with a cutaway
features the natural glossy finish solid
spruce top and mahogany back and sides
genuine abalone rosette inlay and
abalone dots class up this guitar as
well as beautiful gold tuning machines
the TP 4 T preamp is easy to use with
three bands of graphic EQ and built-in
digital chromatic tuner what a great
guitar Brad this guitar has a great
sound to it so natural so honest and
woody very open feeling guitar tell me
what you think about it well I love
mahogany in the back and sides I got to
show you that the back and sides
mahogany just a natural coated back
inside mahogany love with the neck and
the neck is mahogany as well so we've
got a true match up all the way through
from the neck to the body and to me this
is my favorite wood yeah my favorite
wood because a lot of studios with
really expensive mics love mahogany
guitars because they just represent how
guitar should sound it's a real soft
it's a real warm sound we've also got a
compensated single saddle here on top of
the world famous takamine classic
classic bridge pickup and it's a pin
bridge traditional - rosewood rosewood
bridge and I love the attention to
detail around the sound hole the abalone
it's simple but it's nice it's got a
great great look to it this this
particular bridge pickup is is is
married to a wonderful preamp it's a TP
40 and this is another preamp that is
one of the state-of-the-art classic
Exton stone kind of preamps a Takamine
spent years developing and it's got a
bass response adjustment from minus 12
to plus 12 right mid same the treble is
the same it's got a tuner switch we can
go into a tuner mode and it will give
you your sharp right your sharp with an
arrow and it'll let you know exactly how
far you're up on how far you're down
it's got a low battery indicator light
which is really great
got a volume control of course here but
it's a 9-volt battery setup and I love
the screen on
this particular tuners got a wonderful
visible you know if you're on stage and
you don't have a lot of light you can
see in tune exactly
all in all this is a true performers
guitar it's at home on the stage at home
in the studio right a tremendous
instrument let's hear a little more
breath you bet
[Music]
Big Timber was a large a can the town's
pleased by the eggs
[Music]
her tell that he killed someone
just for long term UT towers here town
[Music]
if you'd like to know any more about
this takamine guitar or any other talk
of MIDI instruments please give us a
call at one eight hundred to eight one
six six zero seven we look forward to
hearing from you if you'd like to learn
more about Brad Davis or his music check
him out online and Brad Davis on tor.com
I'm Chris Ward with Brad Davis for
similar music centers thanks for
stopping by
[Music]